Update ReadMe Issue Fixes #1022 (#1029)
dotnet/iot: src/devices/Dhtxx/README.md

    double humidity = dht.Humidity;
}
```

> **Note:** _Specifically on the RPi with teh DHT22, 1-Wire works using Raspian but not with IoT-Core. The device has to switch the 1-wire pin between input and output and viz. It seems that becuase of the non-deterministic nature of the Windows OS, , it can't switch the pin quick enough. There have been suggestions for using two pins; one for input and one for output. This solution has not been implemented here but here are some links to solutions:_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** _Specifically on the RPi with the DHT22, 1-Wire works using Raspian but not with IoT-Core. The device has to switch the 1-wire pin between input and output and vice versa. It seems that Windows IoT-Core OS can't switch the pin direction quick enough. There have been suggestions for using two pins; one for input and one for output. This solution has not been implemented here, but these are some handy links that may help setting that up:_
```

- https://github.com/ms-iot/samples/tree/develop/GpioOneWire
- And on Hackster.io (https://www.hackster.io/porrey/go-native-c-with-the-dht22-a8e8eb

> _These are UWP projecs though._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
